Congratulations,
This is your week
You are off to great learnings
And enjoy the thrill of speed
You have skills in your hands
You have knowledge in your brain
You have energy for hundreds
Everything you do, is a gain
You are part of a team.
And you all know what you can do
The Sky is the limit with this team of the
others and you
You have looked left and right, for a challenge,
not a fight
Although to some you have said: we don't think
you are right!
With your skills in your hands and knowledge
in your brain
You are so madly enthusiastic, you need a
special game
Formula Student Germany or FSG they call it
That competition that hit you like a bullet
The FSG that is like open space
And it has the thrill of the closest race
You decided to join this world and accept
No pain no gain
as its underlying concept
And you start to imagine the unimaginable
To build and drive you own race vehicle
In hours and hours of sleepless nights
against many and difficult strikes
with your hands and brains you did succeed
You created something made of Speed
It has four wheels and it makes your heart
beat high
You love it, you name it, it gives you pride
Now you come here to prove and show
What kind of team you are, what all you know
The Scrutineers drive you crazy
Never ever they are lazy
To pass Tech Inspection is a victory as such
The stickers give your darling its final touch
But some of the beauties do not get those
That sentence makes tears run down your nose.
The ones who have are ready to run
To perform and have all the fun
The presentation design and cost
Every single one hurts - of the points you
lost
You are exhausted and wet
You still are to drive Skid Pad yet!
Then you look carefully left and right
And see all others continue to fight
You do what you do and stir up the team
And live your own personal dream
Acceleration is suddenly done
In the spirit of Formula One
You pushed the pedal
Right to the metal
Autocross you passed
Now Endurance comes up fast
Sunday is terror
Only the slightest error
Before or after the start
Might ruin your dream
And cost the team
All it had worked for so hard
To finish first you need to finish first
Once you do, you scream, you burst
This is it.
The moment of pure ecstasy
It is better than your wildest fantasy
Besides the high there is the low
Fastest lap times and then -Nnnooo
Perfect devastation
In this situation
But why?
In the end you gave all you can
under the German Autobahn
You did hardly rest and sleep
The rings under the eyes are deep
But now it is done
Award ceremony is on
You might take home the cup
More likely not, - but no matter what
You - all of you are winners
of hearts, of friends, of experience
This was your week This was your start
Now lets celebrate before we part